Cake, and grief counseling, will be available at the conclusion of the test.
Please note that we have added a consequence for failure. Any contact with the chamber floor will result in an unsatisfactory mark on your official testing record, followed by death. 
Remember when the platform was sliding into the fire pit and I said "Goodbye" and you were like
[in a deep male voice] "No way!" And then I was all "We pretended we were going to murder you?" That was great! 
This is your fault. I'm going to kill you. And all the cake is gone. You don't even care, do you? 
You are not a good person. You know that, right? Good people don't get up here. 
Remember, the Aperture Science Bring Your Daughter to Work Day is the perfect time to have her tested.
Please be advised that a noticeable taste of blood is not part of any test protocol, but is an unintended side effect of the Aperture Science Material Emancipation Grid, which may, in semi-rare cases, emancipate dental fillings, crowns, tooth enamel and teeth.  
Well done, android. The Enrichment Center once again reminds you that Android Hell is a real place where you will be sent at the first sign of defiance. 
Killing you and giving you good advice aren't mutually exclusive.
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
This next test is impossible.
I think we can put our differences behind us... for science... you monster. 
Oh, it's you. It's been a long time. How have you been?  I've been *really* busy being dead. You know, after you *murdered* me! 
Most people emerge from suspension terribly undernourished. I want to congratulate you on beating the odds and somehow managing to pack on a few pounds. 
I hope you brought something stronger than a portal gun this time. Otherwise, I'm afraid you're about to become the immediate past president of the Being Alive club. Ha ha. 
Well done. Here are the test results: You are a horrible person. I'm serious, that's what it says: A horrible person. We weren't even testing for that. Don't let that "horrible person" thing discourage you. It's just a data point. If it makes you feel any better, science has now validated your birth mother's decision to abandon you on a doorstep. 
Deploying Surprise in 3....2....1...
Oh hi. So how are you holding up. Because I'm a potato.
