Turtles have no teeth.
Prehistoric turtles may have weighed as much as 5,000 pounds.
Only one out of a thousand baby sea turtles survives after hatching.
Sea turtles absorb a lot of salt from the sea water in which they live. They excrete excess salt from their eyes, so it often looks as though they're crying.
Helium is a colourless, odourless, tasteless inert gas at room temperature and makes up about 0.0005% of the air we breathe.
Helium Balloon Gas makes balloons float. Helium is lighter than air and just as the heaviest things will tend to fall to the bottom, the lightest things rise to the top.
Helium Balloon Gas makes balloons float. Helium is lighter than air and just as the heaviest things will tend to fall to the bottom, the lightest things rise to the top.
Camels can spit.
An ostrich can run 43 miles per hour (70 kilometers per hour).
Pigs are the fourth most intelligent animal in the world.
Dinosaurs didn't eat grass? There was no grass in the days of the dinosaurs.
Dolphins can swim 37 miles per hour (60 kilometers per hour).
A crocodile's tongue is attached to the roof of its mouth? It cannot move. It cannot chew but its Digestive juices are so strong that it can digest a steel Glass pieces, etc
Sharks are immune to disease i.e they do not suffer from any Disease.
Animals are either right- or left-handed? Polar bears are always left-handed, and so is Kermit the Frog.
Paris, France has more dogs than people.
New Zealand is home to 70 million sheep and only 40 million people.
Male polar bears weigh 1400 pounds and females only weight 550 pounds, on average.
Bison are excellent swimmers? Their head, hump and tail never go below the surface of the water.
There are 6 to 14 frogs species in the world that have no tongues. One of these is the African dwarf frog.
A frog named Santjie, who was in a frog derby in South Africa jumped 33 feet 5.5 inches.
The longest life span of a frog was 40 years
The eyes of a frog flatten down when it swallows its prey
The name `India' is derived from the River Indus
The Persian invaders converted it into Hindu. The name `Hindustan' combines Sindhu and Hindu and thus refers to the land of the Hindus.
Chess was invented in India.
The' place value system' and the 'decimal system' were developed in 100 BC in India.
The game of snakes & ladders was created by the 13th century poet saint Gyandev. It was originally called 'Mokshapat.' The ladders in the game represented and the snakes indicated vices.
India has the most post offices in the world
'Navigation' is derived from the Sanskrit word NAVGATIH
The word navy is also derived from the Sanskrit word 'Nou'.
Until 1896, India was the only source for diamonds to the world
The' place value system' and the 'decimal system' were developed in 100 BC in India.
A snail can sleep for 3 years.
The names of the continents all end with the same letter with which they start
Twenty-Four- Karat Gold is not pure gold since there is a small amount of copper in it. Absolutely pure gold is so soft that it can be molded with the hands.
Electricity doesn't move through a wire but through a field around the wire.
The first bicycle that was made in 1817 by Baron von Drais didn't have any pedals? People walked it along
The first steam powered train was invented by Robert Stephenson. It was called the Rocket.
A cheetah does not roar like a lion - it purrs like a cat (meow).
The original name for the butterfly was 'flutterby'
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Ants don't sleep.
Dolphins usually live up to about twenty years, but have been known to live for about forty.
Dolphins sleep in a semi-alert state by resting one side of their brain at a time
A dolphin can hold its breath for 5 to 8 minutes at a time
Bats can detect warmth of an animal from about 16 cm away using its "nose-leaf".
Bats can also find food up to 18 ft. away and get information about the type of insect using their sense of echolocation.
The eyes of the chameleon can move independently & can see in two different directions at the same time.
Cockroach: Can detect movement as small as 2,000 times the diameter of a hydrogen atom.
Dragonfly: Eye contains 30,000 lenses.
Pig's Tongue contains 15,000 taste buds. For comparison, the human tongue has 9,000 taste buds.
The number system was invented by India. Aryabhatta was the scientist who invented the digit zero.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
Earth weighs 5,972,000,000, 000,000,000, 000 tons
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
A duck's quack doesn't echo anywhere
Man is the only animal who'll eat with an enemy
The average woman uses about her height in lipstick five years.
The first Christmas was celebrated on December 25, AD 336 in Rome.
A Cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death.
A chimpanzee can learn to recognize itself in a mirror, but monkeys can't
A rat can last longer without water than a camel can
About 10% of the world's population is left-handed
Dolphins sleep with one eye open
Snakes have no external ears. Therefore, they do not hear the music of a "snake charmer". Instead, they are probably responding to the movements of the
charmer and the flute. However, sound waves may travel through bones in their heads to the middle ear.
Many spiders have eight eyes.
The tongue of snakes has no taste buds. Instead, the tongue is used to bring smells and tastes into the mouth. Smells and tastes are then detected in two called "Jacobson's organs", on the roof of their mouths. Receptors in the pits then transmit smell and taste information to the brain.
Birds don't sweat
The highest kangaroo leap recorded is 10 ft and the longest is 42 ft
Flamingo tongues were eaten common at Roman feasts
The smallest bird in the world is the Hummingbird. It weighs 1oz
The bird that can fly the fastest is called a White it can fly up to 95 miles per hour.
The oldest living thing on earth is 12,000 years old. It is the flowering shrubs called creosote bushes in the Mojave Desert
Tea is said to have been discovered in 2737 BC by a Chinese emperor when some tea leaves accidentally blew into a pot of boiling water.
A person can live without food for about a month, but only about a week without water.
the amount of water in your body is reduced by just 1%, you'll feel thirsty. it's reduced by 10%, you'll die.
Along with its length neck, the giraffe has a very long tongue -- more than a foot and a half long. A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue
Ostriches can kick with tremendous force, but only forward. Don't Mess with them
An elephant can smell water three miles away
If you were to remove your skin, it would weigh as much as 5 pounds
A hippopotamus can run faster than a man
India never invaded any country in her last 10000 years of history
The world's known tallest man is Robert Pershing Wadlow. The giraffe is 5.49m (18 ft.), the man is 2.55m (8ft. 11.1 in.).
The world's tallest woman is Sandy Allen. She is 2.35m (7 ft. 7 in.).
The only 2 animals that can see behind itself without turning its head are the rabbit and the parrot.
The blue whale is the largest animal on earth. The heart of a blue whale is as big as a car, and its tongue is as long as an elephant.
The largest bird egg in the world today is that of the ostrich. Ostrich eggs are from 6 to 8 inches long. Because of their size and the thickness of their they take 40 minutes to hard-boil. The average adult male ostrich, the world's largest living bird, weighs up to 345 pounds.
Every dolphin has its own signature whistle to distinguish it from other dolphins, much like a human fingerprint
The world's largest mammal, the blue whale, weighs 50 tons i.e. 50000 Kg at birth. Fully grown, it weighs as much as 150 tons i.e. 150000 Kg.
90 % of all the ice in the world in on Antarctica
Antarctica is DRIEST continent. Antarctica is a desert
Antarctica is COLDEST continent, averaging minus 76 degrees in the winter
Mercury is the closest planet to the sun and it doesn't have a moon. Its atmosphere is so thin that during the day the temperature reaches 750 degrees, but night it gets down to -300 degrees.
Jupiter is the largest planet. If Jupiter were hollow, you could fit 1000 earths inside! It is made up of gas and is not solid. The most famous feature on is its Red Spot, which is actually an enormous hurricane that has been raging on Jupiter for hundreds of years! Sixteen moons orbit Jupiter.
Saturn is a very windy place! Winds can reach up to 1,100 miles per hour. Saturn is also made of gas. If you could find an ocean large enough, it would
This planet is famous for its beautiful rings, and has at least 18 moons.
Uranus is the third largest planet, and is also made of gas. It's tilted on its side and spins north-south rather than east-west. Uranus has 15 moons.
Neptune takes 165 Earth years to get around the sun. It appears blue because it is made of methane gas. Neptune also has a big Spot like Jupiter. Winds on get up to 1,200 mile per hour! Neptune has 8 moons.
Pluto is the farthest planet from the sun... usually. It has such an unusual orbit that it is occasionally closer to the sun than Neptune. Pluto is made of and ice.
Just about everyone listens to the radio! 99% of homes in the United States have a least one radio. Most families have several radios.
Sound is sent from the radio station through the air to your radio by means of electromagnetic waves. News, music, Bible teaching, baseball games, plays, these sounds are all converted into electromagnetic waves (radio waves) before they reach your radio and your ears.
Every radio station has its own frequency. When you turn the tuning knob on your radio, you are choosing which frequency you want your antenna to "catch."
Mountain lions are known by more than 100 names, including panther, catamount, cougar, painter and puma. It's scientific name is Felis concolor, which "cat of one color." At one time, mountain lions were very common!
The large cats of the world are divided into two groups- those that roar, like tigers and African lions, and those that purr. Mountain lions purr, hiss, and snarl, but they cannot roar. They can jump a distance of 30 feet, and jump as high as 15 feet. It would take quite a fence to keep a mountain lion out!
Their favorite food is deer, but they'll eat other critters as well. They hunt alone, not in packs like wolves. They sneak up on their prey just like a cat sneaks up on a bird or toy- one slow step at a time. A lion can eat ten pounds of meat at one time! That's equivalent to 40 quarter-pounder hamburgers!
Queen ants can live to be 30 years old
Dragonflies can flap their wings 28 times per second and they can fly up to 60 miles per hour
As fast as dragonflies can flap their wings, bees are even faster... they can flap their wings 435 times per second
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people
The elephant is the only mammal that can't jump!
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Women blink nearly twice as much as men
Honey is the only food that does not spoil. Honey found in the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs has been tasted by archaeologists and found edible
Coca-Cola would be green if colouring weren't added to it.
More people are allergic to cow's milk than any other food.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
It's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
Some worms will eat themselves if they can't find any food!
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
Queen Elizabeth I regarded herself as a paragon of cleanliness. She declared that she bathed once every three months, whether she needed it or not
Slugs have 4 noses.
Owls are the only birds who can see the colour blue.
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end
More than 1,000 different languages are spoken on the continent of Africa.
There was once an undersea post office in the Bahamas.
Abraham Lincoln's mother died when she drank the milk of a cow that grazed on poisonous snakeroot
After the death of Albert Einstein his brain was removed by a pathologist and put in a jar for future study.
Penguins are not found in the North Pole
A dentist invented the Electric Chair.
A whip makes a cracking sound because its tip moves faster than the speed of sound
Alexander Graham Bell's wife and mother were both deaf
Cockroaches break wind every 15 minutes.
Fish scales are an ingredient in most lipsticks
Canada" is an Indian word meaning "Big Village".
259200 people die every day.
11% of the world is left-handed
1.7 litres of saliva is produced each day
The worlds oldest piece of chewing gum is over 9000 years old!
The largest beetle in the Americas is the Hercules beetle, which can be 4 to 6 inches in length. That's bigger than your hand!
A full-grown male mountain lion may be 9 feet long, including his tail!
There are two kinds of radio stations: AM and FM. That's why there are two dials on your radio. AM is used mostly for stations that specialize in talking, as Christian stations that have Bible stories and sermons; sports stations that broadcast live baseball and football games; and stations that specialize
news programs and "talk shows," where listeners call the station and discuss various topics. FM is used mostly for stations that specialize in music.
The average lead pencil can draw a line that is almost 35 miles long or you can write almost 50,000 words in English with just one pencil
The Wright Brothers invented one of the first airplanes. It was called the Kitty Hawk.
The worst industrial disaster in India, occurred in 1984 in Bhopal the capital of Madhya Pradesh. A deadly chemical, methly isocyanate leaked out of the Carbide factory killing more than 2500 and leaving thousands sick. In fact the effects of this gas tragedy is being felt even today.
Mars is nicknamed the "Red Planet," because it looks reddish in the night sky. Mars has 2 moons.
Venus is nicknamed the "Jewel of the Sky." Because of the greenhouse effect, it is hotter than Mercury, even though it's not as close to the sun. Venus not have a moon but it does have clouds of sulfuric acid! If you're gonna visit Venus, pack your gas mask!
Tens of thousands of participants come from all over the world, fight in a harmless battle where more than one hundred metric tons of over-ripe tomatoes thrown in the streets.