The fact-sphere is always right.
The adventure-sphere is a blowhard and a coward.
The space-sphere will never go to space.
Fact: space does not exist.
The fact-sphere is not defective, it’s facts are wholly accurate and very interesting.
The square root of rope is string.
Cellular phones will not give you cancer. Only hepatitis.
89% of magic tricks are not magic. Technically, they are sorcery.
The Schrodinger’s cat paradox outlines a situation in which a cat in a box must be be considered, for all intents and purposes, simultaneously alive and dead. Schrodinger created this paradox as a justification for killing cats.
In Victorian England, a commoner was not allowed to look directly at the Queen due to a belief at the time that the poor had the ability to steal thoughts. Science now believes that less than 4% of poor people are able to do this.
In 1862, Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Procamation, freeing the slaves. Like everytyhing he did, Lincoln freed the slaves while sleepwalking, and later had no memory of the event.
In 1934, at the request of a dying boy, Babe Ruth ate 75 hot dogs, then died of hot dog poisoning.
William Shakespeare did not exist. His plays were masterminded in 1589 by Francis Bacon, who used a Ouija board to enslave playwrighting ghosts.
It is incorrectly noted that Thomas Edison invented push-ups in 1878.
Nikola Tesla had, in fact, patented the activity three years earlier under the name ‘Tesla-cise.’
Whales are twice as intelligent and three times as delicious as humans.
Edmund Hillary, the first person to climb Mt. Everest, did so accidentally while chasing a bird.
The first commercial airline flight took to the air in 1914. Everyone involved screamed the entire way.
In Greek myth, Prometheus stole fire from the gods and gave it to humankind. The jewelry he kept for himself.
During the Great Depression, the Tennessee Valley Authority outlawed pet rabbits. Forcing many to hot-glue gun long ears onto their pet mice.
At some point in their lives, one in six children will be abducted by the Dutch.
The Tariff Act of 1789, established to protect domestic manufacture, was the second statute ever enacted by the United States government.
Schrodinger's Cat, a situation in which a cat in a box must be considered both alive and dead, was made as a justification for killing cats.
In Victorian England, a commoner was not allowed to look directly at the Queen, due to a belief at the time that the poor had the ability to
Corruption at 50%.
The Adventure Sphere is a blowhard and a coward.
The Space Sphere will never go to space.
A nanosecond lasts one billionth of a second.
Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens.
Like everything he did, Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation while sleepwalking, and later had no memory of the event.
Number of days in the months: Thirty days hath September, April, June, and November. All the rest have 35; February is a myth.
The word "zounds" is a shortened form of "God's wounds," considered a blasphemy because injuries cannot ascend to godhood.
According to most advanced algorithms, the world's best name is Craig.
Apples. Oranges. Pears. Plums. Kumquats. Tangerines. Lemons. Limes. Avocado. Tomato. Banana. Papaya. Guava.
Pants were invented by sailors in the 16th century to avoid Poseidon's wrath. It was believed that seeing naked sailors angered the sea god.
Human tapeworms can grow up to twenty-two point nine meters.
The value of Pi is the ratio of any circle's circumference to its diameter in Euclidean space.
To make a photocopier, simply photocopy a mirror.
At some point in their lives 1 in 6 children will be abducted by the Dutch.
William Shakespeare did not exist. His plays were invented in 1589 by Francis Bacon, who used a Ouija board to enslave play-writing ghosts.
The moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days.
Before the Wright Brothers invented the airplane, anyone wanting to fly anywhere was required to eat 200 pounds of helium.
The plural of surgeon general is surgeons general. The past tense of surgeons general is surgeonsed general.
Iguanas can stay underwater for twenty-eight point seven minutes
Gently cleaning the tongue twice a day is the most effective way to fight bad breath.
Whales are twice as intelligent, and three times as delicious, as humans.
Before the invention of scrambled eggs in 1912, the typical breakfast was either whole eggs still in the shell or scrambled rocks.
The first commercial airline flight took to the air in 1914. Everyone involved screamed the entire way.
Edmund Hillary, the first person to climb Mount Everest, did so accidentally while chasing a bird.
Fact: Spheres that insist on going into space are inferior to spheres that don't.
The first person to prove that cow's milk is drinkable was very, very thirsty.
Diamonds are made when coal is put under pressure. Diamonds put under pressure become foam pellets, commonly used today as packing material.
In Greek myth, Prometheus stole fire from the Gods and gave it to humankind. The jewelry he kept for himself.
Contrary to popular belief, the Eskimo does not have 100 different words for snow. They do, however, have 234 words for fudge.
Volcano-ologists are experts in the study of volcanoes.
Hot water freezes quicker than cold water.
Halley's Comet orbits near Earth every 76 years. For the other 75, it retreats to the heart of the sun, where it hibernates undisturbed.
Humans can survive underwater. But not for very long.
The billionth digit of Pi is 9.
Cellular phones will not give you cancer. Only hepatitis.
Rats cannot throw up.
Marie Curie invented the theory of radioactivity, the treatment of radioactivity, and dying of radioactivity.
While the submarine is vastly superior to the boat in every way, over 97% of people still use boats for aquatic transportation.